[Applause]
here in Hollywood I'm sure a lot of
people are very busy monitoring the
events in Washington for a future
multi-part docudrama starring Nick Nolte
as Donald Trump this is between Trump
and the Joker it was quite a weekend for
villains and a lot of makeup learn
yesterday that a second whistle has
blown this one reportedly has first-hand
information about the president's call
to Ukraine and there are said to be
multiple other whistleblowers waiting in
the wings which made for a busy Sunday
morning or they have these political
shows on Sunday mornings yesterday they
had trouble even booking anyone to
defend Trump which for real well yeah
I'd love to have my ass handed to me on
TV did it my daughter has a soccer game
maybe next week but doesn't know who the
new whistle blower is but he still
called that person a partisan this
morning which is like it's like eating a
steak and saying I can tell the chef is
a Libra
I just know but Trump says his repeated
and public requests for Ukraine and
China and maybe others to dig up dirt on
his number one opponent Joe Biden have
nothing to do with politics and
everything to do with his never-ending
crusade against corruption I'm only
interested in corruption I don't care
about politics I don't care about
Biden's politics i neverthought bite who
is going to win I don't care about
politics but I do care about corruption
so do we and that's why you're getting
impeached but worse for Trump by the
hour he swears up and down there was no
quid pro quo with Ukraine in regard to
investigating Biden but text messages
including this exchange between kurt
volker who was his former special envoy
for ukraine and one of president
zelinsky's top aides suggests otherwise
Volcker wrote good lunch Thanks heard
from White House
assuming president Z convinces Trump he
will investigate / get to the bottom of
what happened in 2016 we will nail down
date for a visit to Washington good luck
see you tomorrow
Kirk and that's that's it right I mean
that's the it's the if that gun isn't
smoking it's vaping like a mother right
and now the fall guy for this mess or at
least one of them anyway could be Trump
Secretary of Energy Rick Perry who is
rumored to be on the way out after after
Trump reportedly said the only reason he
made the call is because Rick Perry put
him up to it
Bert Perry said today that while he
absolutely asked Trump multiple times to
call the president of Ukraine it was
only to talk about energy not about the
Biden's but somehow Trump blames him for
this basically his position is the call
was perfect I did nothing wrong and
stupid Rick Perry is the one who made me
do it all the best people and you'd
think that if a phone call any phone
call is gonna bring Rick Perry down it
would be this phone call that he made
while squatting on someone's lawn so to
recap we now have two whistleblowers we
have a transcript of the phone call a
bunch of highly incriminating text
messages and not only did Trump do it
privately with Ukraine he asked China to
do it on television if this was Judge
Judy he'd be out before the first
mesothelioma commercial
but that's not to say that that's
supporters the president's son Eric for
instance was on Fox & Friends this
morning defending daddy and using this
absolutely perfect analogy to attack Joe
Biden's son
could you imagine and I wrote not bad
about this could you imagine if I got
fifty thousand dollars a month in an
industry that I knew nothing about let
me try to see if I can imagine that yeah
I can't I kind of can't
Eric Trump's resume is is just his birth
certificate with his dad's name circled
in a red pan and then while every head
in Washington is spinning Trump pulled
another doozy last night when the White
House announced that the president after
another phone call with another unsavory
foreign leader will pull all US troops
out of Syria this is a big deal because
removing American troops will allow
Turkey to go in and attack our Kurdish
allies which would be a big boost for
Isis and the president made the decision
after a call with the president of
Turkey who happens to be another one of
these dangerous strongmen he's so fond
of so officials at the Pentagon were
completely blindsided by this they had
no idea Trump was gonna do it and
everyone is furious it a rare show of
unity Nancy Pelosi and Mitch McConnell
denounced the decision and even the
president's own pot-bellied pig Lindsey
Graham called into Fox & Friends to
label the move a disaster in the making
that will undo all the gains we've made
and throw the region into further chaos
and then he hung up chanting four more
years four but Trump I think he may have
swapped the adderall for airplane glue
this time because he tweeted back as I
have stated strongly before and just to
reiterate if Turkey does anything that I
in my great and unmatched wisdom
consider to be off-limits I will totally
destroy and obliterate the economy of
Turkey I've done before
one step out of the line he will run
turkey into the ground like it was one
of his casinos in Atlantic City in my
grizzy he's now he's talking now like
The Wizard of Oz the President did
though he's been doing his best to look
busy while the impeaches are picked over
the weekend he hosted the summit at the
White House for young black
conservatives and you'll never guess in
a group of young black conservatives
you'll never guess whose name he brought
up I get along with Kanye for a long
time I think for one day I went up
through the polls like through the roof
I'll tell you he is with with the
african-american community they like
Kanye and they like Kim Kardashian and
by their I mean you people we found out
today that we may finally get to see
Trump's taxes a federal judge has
rejected the president's bizarre claim
that he is immune from criminal
investigation and therefore does not
have to turn over his tax records the
judge said the legal argument was quote
repugnant to the nation's governmental
structure and constitutional values and
by the way this investigation is related
to the payments Trump made during the
campaign to stormy Daniels and that
Playboy Playmate which how crazy is this
presidency that we forgot about that
like I was like oh yeah I forgot he did
that the Second Circuit Court of Appeals
granted a last-minute stay of the ruling
which means this might not happen for a
while but I love the irony that we're
gonna release Trump's tax returns
without his consent we're just gonna
grab them by the subpoena and see what
happened
they seem now it's trying to convince
themselves and anyone dumb enough to
believe it that all this impeachment
stuff is good not bad for his
re-election prospects his acting chief
of staff Mick Mulvaney has been telling
staffers that if the president gets
impeached he could win 45 states in 2020
which I don't think he could name 45
state by 21 but I'm not sure the
president agrees with that because he
had a call with House Republicans over
the weekend where he said among other
things impeachment would be bad for his
resume Trump worrying about his resume
is like r.kelly worrying about his uber
rating it doesn't make it better and his
supporters at least the ones will still
go on TV are now trying to say he was
joking when he encouraged China to
investigate Joe Biden you watch with the
president said he's not thank China and
asking but well I doubt if the China
comment was serious to tell you the
truth you really think he was serious
about thinking that China's gonna
investigate the Biden family I don't
think it's a real require guarantee I
think he did it to give you guys yeah
well it's hard to believe I'll give you
that but the question now is was the
president joking and well if he was
there's only one way to find out the one
time he's polite is when he's trying to
get the hell out of there from thank you
all very much
another surprising critic of Trump today
was Pat Robertson who in case you don't
know is a 300 year old man who hosts a
show called the 700 club he said Trump
is in danger of losing the Mandate of
Heaven which is shocking but it wasn't
the most shocking soundbite from his
show today this was listen closely
because you can hear what people see it
but listen because something funny
happens at the end of this clip you
pointed out in Mexico they have
standards totally contrary to what these
globalists are talking about yes so I
talked about an entire shelter network
it's been likes listen to that one more
time and so I talked about an entire
shelter network
[Music]
Wow this is uh hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if
you want to see all our latest videos
click the subscribe button and if you
don't click anyway and close your eyes
when they come on